A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest. - Irish Proverb
A man's work is from sun to sun, but a mother's work is never done. - Author Unknown
No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you - life. - Author Unknown
Sweater is a garment worn by child when its mother is feeling chilly. - Ambrose Bierce
There is only one pretty child in the world, and every mother has it. - Chinese Proverb
$ is just a concept. People empower it.
The study of history is the beginning of political wisdom.
The wit of a graduate student is like champagne.
The world is round so the place which may seem like the end, may also be only the beginning.
Yogi Berra's real name was Lawrence Peter Berra.
80% of the results flow from 20% of the activities - Pareto Principle
A baby is God's way of saying the world should go on.
A bashful admirer will soon be reveled.
A beauty is a woman you notice, a charmer is a women who notices you.
A book is in your future.
A clean conscience is a soft pillow.
A committee of one gets things done. - Joe Ryan
A company is judged by the president it keeps. - James Hulbert
A diamond is a hunk of coal that stuck with it.
A diamond is a piece of coal that stuck with the job.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart, and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words.
A friend will soon bring you a gift.
A girl who is free for the evening can be one of the most expensive things in the world.
A good beginning is only half done.
A good example is the best sermon.
A good time to start something new.
A journey of 1000 miles begins with one step.  ~ Lao Tzu
A lean compromise is better then a fat lawsuit. - George Herbert
A little girl, asked where her home was, replied, "where mother is." - Keith L. Brooks
A long life may not be good enough, but a good life is long enough -Ben Franklin
A man can't get rich if he takes proper care of his family. - Navajo saying
A mother is not a person to lean on, but a person to make leaning unnecessary. - Dorothy Fisher
A mother understands what a child does not say. - Jewish proverb
A new challenge is near.
A package of value will arrive soon.
A person travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.
A pet will always brighten your day.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
A problem is an backwards opportunity.
A refreshing change is in your future.
A sense of humor is the pole that adds balance as you walk the tightrope of life.
A ship in the harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
A small incident will develop to your advantage.
A smile is the shortest distance between two people.
A winner never whines. - Paul Brown
After all, tomorrow is another day. Happy Birthday!
After graduation, you enter upon the time of life where you are responsible for grading your own answers.
After you have children, the economic law reverses to Demand & Supply - Marcelene Cox
Align with existing forces even if you are against them. - Aikido Philosophy
All events are blessings given to us to learn from.
All great deeds, and all great thoughts, have a ridiculous beginning. Good luck on your journey.
All of your babies best traits must come from you!
All people smile in the same language.
All that I am or ever hope to be, I owe to my angel Mother. - Abraham Lincoln
Alone we can do little, together we can do so much.
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. - Euripides
Always be kind. Have a good attitude. Never give up. - Walter Swan
Always begin with an end in mind.
Always look for ways to add value for the customer.
Always take a photograph of a rainbow when you see one.
Always tell the truth- it's the easiest thing to remember. - David Mamet